hey welcome back to a barbecue right
today I'm going to show you how to make
one of my favourite hot dogs and it's
the Chicago doll I ordered some of these
hot dogs straight from Vienna from
Chicago they even sent me the bright
green pickle relish
sport peppers even the celery salt to go
with them you can see here and today
we're going to get them out on the grill
because in Chicago they do hot dogs a
couple ways you can either steam them or
Bowl them in some water or you guys few
places that's actually thrown them on
the grill and create what they call the
Chicago char dog and that's the one that
I'm going for which is you got that
flavor from the charcoal from the smoke
gets on the outside casing of that dog
blisters it up real good and it makes it
excellent Chicago at all so I'm going to
show you how we're going to cook those
it's going to be fast there's not much
to it and the big parts putting them
together everything that goes with a
Chicago dog because you know up there
then run through the guard and that's
what you hear them say when you go to
the hotdog places that's what we're
going to do so let's get to cooking all
right I'm just going to get these
Chicago dogs right on the grill nothing
to it man you just want to get some hot
charcoal you can use any kind of grill
for grilling hot dogs even my
five-year-old can do this there is
nothing to it just wanna get them cooked
on all sides will take a few minutes
we'll be ready to go inside and build
some Chicago dogs alright just after
about a minute and a half two minutes I
want to end started rolling these hot
dogs over you can see I scored the ends
on a four or five of them just so they
would kind of split open I love the way
they get kind of crunchy and it just
creates a little more surface area in
there and you really get some good bite
on the end and it looks cool for
presentation when you put these hot dogs
together but alright our hot dogs a big
grilling just for about five minutes and
that's how I like to see them I just
want some grill marks on them on a
blister duck real good getting some of
that grill flavor that charcoal taste on
them if you want to take them to where
they're a lot darker than that go ahead
be my guest cook hot dogs however you
like them but for me the perfect Chicago
dog blistered up we got some nice grill
flavor on it some nice marks all we need
there we go that's our grilled Chicago
dog we're getting to go inside and
assemble alright so how easy that hot
dog grilling process was I need some hot
coals some fire heat those hot dogs on
there get the outside marked off get a
little blister on ready to go now it's
time to assemble the Chicago style
dollars you can't have a traditional
Chicago style hot dog without these
poppy seed buns so I ordered the bonds
also when I ordered the hot dogs and
they ship them in a freezer pack so you
got a little fallout and to get them
back to that soft stage I kind of set up
my homemade steamer at home I just kind
of pot I bought the water bowl and put a
colander in it with a dish towel over it
bring that water up to a bowl put those
buns in there just for a few minutes and
they're right back soft just like the
day they were faked so we get the buns
open here on the plate now we're going
to start simple in the Chicago goes so
let's take one of these grilled ones and
we'll just get one of the regular ones
that we did split and do a couple
different ways so for Chicago dog the
first step is mustards regular yellow
mustard and you better not come with
ketchup in Chicago because it is not
allowed on a hotdog after the mustard
we're coming with this bright green
relish that's famous in Chicago and
that's really what brings the color to
this style of hotdog after the bright
green pickle relish comes a little bit
of chopped fine onion you got to have
all this on the Chicago dog that's what
make it this is what running through the
garden is so after that we're going to
tuck in a couple slices of tomato cut
into little wedges got to have it to
meit other I'm lucky on this that you're
fresh out of the garden I'm going to
come with a pickle on this side little
tomato and this hot dog oh man it's a
middle of the bun you get the salad now
you have sport peppers and usually they
have two on each one so that's what
we're going to do today and last but not
least you've got to have that celery
salt just a dash to top it off and that
my friends is a chicago-style hot dog
and it is awesome
all right now for the
part of the day always when you're
cooking time to get the try by hmm
there's no way around ugly Chicago dogs
you got to dive right in
I love that char dog put it on the
grills to the steam inner Bowman it
gives the hot dog so much more flavor
just to get it out on that grill even
though it only takes five minutes it
puts all that flavor on the outside skin
of that hot dog you gotta give this
chicago dog of trying telling you run it
through the garden get your pickles and
pepper relish and sport peppers and
onions and fresh tomatoes it all makes
the awesome dog they know what they're
doing up there in Chicago so the next
time you want to make a really great hot
dog at home give this Chicago dog a try
thanks for checking out our video you
can subscribe to our Channel riki
putting up videos all year long thanks
for watching
you